It is not possible to go only in the early stages after stripping you very much Hello this time
I would like to go to the snow stage but I have to say at the moment it is a bug.
Please
First of all, what you need is as follows
Now let's get in on the way to the stop
First press the start button in story mode offline game
Mission Replay Prologue
[musics]
I will do this prologue next
I will skip it
[musics]
me
Then there is a scene that goes out in the middle of the prologue
yeah
Great fair is May
Yeah yeah yeah
When you go out to some extent, press the home button and you just need it from your inbox
I received an invitation from the friend I introduced
[musics]
It 's fun if you join online later
bap
I am
bejean
Aim for the lower right of the map as soon as possible after joining
It will be easier if you read the helicopter transport at Mary Weather
There is no reason to have a cast cucumber card
ua or pns touch you do
It is the lower right including the sea even though the lower right
By the way, I also called the edge, so if you look straight ahead, it will not be
The bug is a success anyway because you will see things I feel it 's
By the way, I think some people think that they can do it without the prologue.
From this map itself offline If you do not do the prologue and say impossible a Hey why condensation
Because if it had been read I'm such because there is no map in the online itself
oo
It is quite wide increase when viewed from above
For the time being town
It seems sloppy Kano made If you look at the building
[musics]
I can't help it because it 's a bug
While I was doing this, I heard that I went near the Michael's graveyard that came out in the mission .
It seems
Let's take a walk here and there
that
I could not climb
whatever
That green laden
Ah
Easy to put straw ae coworker what that
Hmm
I would like to say one thing after it apparently seems to be buried in the grave when it enters the grave .
If you fall into the sea as it is, you can go back as it squirrels in the original snowy country
Now I want a car so let's choose a mechanic
Is car really coming
Recomposition as an Jenny Anus Parker Ho Care
App is strong
I like the atmosphere of this level crossing quite
Great luck
Needs pearl
It's too much, so let's go to the end of this map
[musics]
Truly sultan rs
Run lightly even on snowy roads
Do not Damn It has become somewhat bleak also Oh something I seriously I say if you're
The number of cats
Yeah yeah yeah
Hmm
Please do not try to aim for the end so that it does not happen
Be careful especially in places where the ground is blurry like now
So long cut
It is great though it is a bug if you can climb the signal too-
From Gacha
The
pr
Force low floor 2
ran
It comes with a go in the car
[musics]
And even though it's snow , it does n't slip too much
If you look closely, it's real that it's snowing
[musics]
But is not boring and tasteless too say that pretty building is a small ne countryside
Let's make an angry Lit
It does not slip after all-
What is the opposite direction?
[musics]
Appre 3 has been frozen and it is a good place, but this time here
It is up to
Now I think that enjoy surely please try to go to everyone all means snow country in it